Copyright (c) <copyright-holder>, <year>

Definition of Terms
  
  1. "Software" shall mean any file that reads input and produces output with the use
  of a computer through its execution, which may or may not be dependent on third-party
  software.
  
  2. "Third-party software" shall mean any software that is produced by entities other
  than the copyright holder(s) unless explicitly stated otherwise, that is required for
  the production of, or execution of the software.
  
  3. "Redistribution" shall mean the transmission of software to computers which are
  authorized to access by any entity other than the copyright holder(s) of the software,
  unless the necessary third-party software to execute the given software is not present
  on the recipient computer(s).
  
  4. "Source file" shall mean any file containing abstractions of the software that allows
  for humanly accessible derivation of the software with the use of build tools, or with
  the use of interpreters, in which case they are also considered software.
  
  5. "Build tools" shall mean any software that reads source files as input, and produces
  software as output. They are considered third-party software, even if the tools are also
  owned by the project's copyright holder(s).
  
  6. "Interpreter" shall mean any software that provides an interface to emulate software
  using source files as input. Similar to build tools, they are considered third-party
  software, even if the interpreters are also owned by the project's copyright holder(s).
  
  7. "Contributor" shall mean any entity that has modified a project's source files without
  holding any copyright on the original software. In a similar note, the copyright holder(s)
  of a project are "contributors" for the third-party software that their project uses.

  8. "Project" shall mean the source files, as well as build tools for the production of
  the software, or interpreters for the execution of source files as software. Source files
  for third-party software may or may not be included in the project by the copyright
  holder(s), unless enforced by the software licenses assigned to such source files,
  albeit on an individual basis for each third-party software.
  
List of Conditions

Redistribution of software using source files under this license as a contributor is granted,
provided that you:

  1. Retain this copyright notice, definition of terms, list of conditions, patent grant and
  disclaimer on the source directory of the software.
  
  2. Provide a copy of the project used to produce a fully functional copy of the software,
  with all source files subject to this list of conditions.
  
  3. Reproduce this copyright notice and the following clause:
  
    This software is under the 03utils License. You may access the full license text in the
	  'LICENSE.md' file in the project's root directory, or by visiting:
    
    'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chris03-dev/custom-licenses/master/list/03utils%20License'
  
  ...in the software, using '--help', '--license', or similar flags when accessed via a
  terminal, or in the 'Help' or 'About' menu when accessed with a user interface, and in
  the beggining of all source files under this license.
  
  4. Do not infringe on the trademarks applied on the software, unless the copyright
  holder(s) have given permission to use them in the redistribution of the project.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the license, each contributor grants you
a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license to make, have made, use,
sell, offer for sale, import, and/or otherwise dispose of its contribution in 
the software or derivative works of the contribution in the software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR THE CONTRIBUTORS OF THE SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INDCIDENTAL, SPEICAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
